README.md, before:

<!--
    This Source Code Form is subject to the terms of the Mozilla Public
    License, v. 2.0. If a copy of the MPL was not distributed with this
    file, You can obtain one at http://mozilla.org/MPL/2.0/.
-->

<!--
    Copyright (c) 2016, Joyent, Inc.
-->

# electric-moray

This repository is part of the Joyent Manta project.  For contribution
guidelines, issues, and general documentation, visit the main
[Manta](http://github.com/joyent/manta) project page.

electric-moray is a Node-based service that provides the same interface as
[Moray](https://github.com/joyent/moray), but which directs requests to one or
more Moray+Manatee shards based on hashing of the Moray key.


# Building and running

To run your own electric-moray from a copy of this repository, you'll want:

* a Manta deployment, which includes at least one metadata shard of Moray and
  Manatee,
* an electric-moray configuration file, and
* an electric-moray consistent hash ring configuration.

To point electric-moray at your existing deployment, you'll want to make sure
that your development environment can reach that deployment (e.g., has an
interface on the "manta" network) and that the Manta deployment's nameservers
are included in /etc/resolv.conf in your development environment.

The easiest way to obtain a working configuration file and hash ring
configuration is to copy them from one of the electric-moray zones in your
existing Manta deployment:

* configuration file: /opt/smartdc/electric-moray/etc/config.json.  **For local
  development, it's recommended that you remove the "syslog" block from the
  configuration file so that logs are emitted to stderr rather than syslog.**
* hash ring: /electric-moray/chash/leveldb-2021

In a single-server deployment (as is typically used for testing), you can use
`cp -a` in the global zone to copy these from the electric-moray zone to your
test zone.

Once you've got these pieces in place, install the dependencies:

    $ make

update your path:

    $ source env.sh

and run electric-moray with something like this:

    $ node ./main.js -f /path/to/config.json -r /path/to/hash/ring -p 2020 \
        2>&1 | bunyan

For example, if the configuration file and hash ring were copied to your
electric-moray workspace, you'd use:

    $ node ./main.js -f ./config.json -r ./leveldb-2021 -p 2020 2>&1 | bunyan


# Testing

First, make sure you're running a local copy of electric-moray as described
above.  Then, run the test suite:

    $ make test

This assumes that an electric-moray server is running on localhost port 2020.

Commit message:

MANTA-4604 Remove electric-boray from the buckets request path

README.md, after:

<!--
    This Source Code Form is subject to the terms of the Mozilla Public
    License, v. 2.0. If a copy of the MPL was not distributed with this
    file, You can obtain one at http://mozilla.org/MPL/2.0/.
-->

<!--
    Copyright 2019 Joyent, Inc.
-->

# electric-boray

This repository is part of the Joyent Manta project.  For contribution
guidelines, issues, and general documentation, visit the main
[Manta](http://github.com/joyent/manta) project page.

electric-boray is a Node-based service that provides data placement
services. This includes services such as locating the correct physical storage
location given the metadata for an object or providing the virtual nodes that
belong to a physical storage node.


# Building and running

To run your own electric-boray from a copy of this repository, you'll want:

* a Manta deployment, which includes at least one metadata shard of Boray and
  Manatee,
* an electric-boray configuration file, and
* an electric-boray consistent hash ring configuration.

Once you've got these pieces in place, install the dependencies:

    $ make

update your path:

    $ source env.sh

and run electric-boray with something like this:

    $ node ./main.js -f /path/to/config.json -r /path/to/hash/ring -p 2020 \
        2>&1 | bunyan

For example, if the configuration file and hash ring were copied to your
electric-moray workspace, you'd use:

    $ node ./main.js -f ./config.json -r ./leveldb-2021 -p 2020 2>&1 | bunyan


# Testing

First, make sure you're running a local copy of electric-boray as described
above.  Then, run the test suite:

    $ make test

This assumes that an electric-boray server is running on localhost port 2020.
